dev/reference: update transaction related documents (#1161)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/transactions/transaction-isolation.md

## Transaction retry

> Failed transactions might be automatically retried by TiDB, which can lead to update loss. You can enable **this feature** by setting `tidb_disable_txn_auto_retry = 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default TiDB will not retry transactions since this may lead to lost updates. If your application can tolerate lost updates, and does not require Snapshot Isolation consistency, you can enable **this feature** by setting `tidb_disable_txn_auto_retry = 0`. This has the benefit of fewer `COMMIT` statements generating errors.
```

The value of `tidb_retry_limit` cannot be 0. Otherwise, the automatic retry is also disabled.

## Transactional anomalies caused by automatic retries

> TiDB does not automatically retry transactions [by default](#transaction-retry). If automatic transaction retry is enabled, the final result might not be as expected if the transaction created by the explicit `BEGIN` statement automatically retries after encountering a conflict.

Reviewer: This is another case of BEGIN|START TRANSACTION. Even `set autocommit=0` will also explicitly create a transaction, so I suggest we remove it here. If it is important to the original author, we could also say "non-autocommit transactions", which would be more accurate.

```suggestion
TiDB does not automatically retry transactions [by default](#transaction-retry). If automatic transaction retry is enabled, the final result might not be as expected if the transaction automatically retries after encountering a conflict.
```
